Mappy!
=====

Mappy is an advanced mini-map that includes all the expected amenities of a modern radar tool such as tracking spawns and displaying the player's location on a map of some sorts.

_Yeah yeah, but what makes Mappy different?_
- Mappy employs a __coordinate based rendering engine__, so you can do things like pan the map window (by dragging it) or zoom in/out to any arbitrary level (by using the mouse wheel). You can resize the window however small or large you like and (with drag mode enabled) move it around the screen to any location.
- __A new vector based map__ has been implemented so that zones can be defined using 3D lines rather than an image. They also cover the entire zone regardless of how many floors or map sections there are. You can still use the old ffassist-style map packs if you want to! Since vector maps must be made by players, there are only a few right now that I whipped together. It is my hope a community of mappers will crop up to fill in the gaps. I know you people standing around in whitegate with your thumb up who knows where have a lot of free time, so hop to it!
- __True alpha blending__. Gone are the days of everything fading when setting that low opacity level. Since Mappy uses an advanced layered window, you can lower the opacity of the window to nothing and yet still see the spawns as clear as a bell. For the heck of it there is even a separate opacity slider just for the image-based maps.
- __High level of customization__. There are a TON of options to customize how the map is displayed-- what color the background/map objects should be, what should be shown/hidden, opacity sliders, depth filters, behavior of things, etc. If there is a definition of what "overboard" is, this may very well be it.
- __Be alerted__ when interesting spawns are in range by using the hunt system. A hunt is a search pattern that you define to match against a spawn's name. You can define as many as you want for a given zone, and even save them into your map files to make them permanent. A line will connect you to any matching spawn as well as information about it will be displayed automatically. 
- __Player targets__ are shown via a line connecting them to the entity they are current targeting, ending with an arrow so you always know who is targeting whom. What is the main assist currently looking at? Are your new shinies getting the attention in whitegate that you deserve? What is that moron black mage casting on this time? Now you will know.
- __A Claim Chain__ connects any claimed enemy to the player that owns the claim. This can be used as a visual guide for who has the most hate on a claimed enemy, which can be quite useful to flee targeted aoe's aka meteor spam. Note that claim can change mid cast because hate can change mid cast and of course only works when something is actually claimed, so this should not be a complete replacement for /assist.
- __Reduction of the information overload__. Mappy only displays the name/hp percent/distance of things you are actually interested in. That means things you target in game, spawns that match one of your hunts, something you hover over, or a manual selection. The rest will appear as lifeless dots and squares. This can, of course, be changed in the config if you want a particular type of spawn (such as all enemies) to show the info at all times.
- __Localization Support is built in__. However I am not multi-lingual, so there are no other translations currently. So if you would like to translate mappy to your native language then download the string resource bundle and then submit the translated resx as a patch.
- __Open Source__. _Holy shit balls, it's open source!? That's right, open source_. Mappy was developed, from scratch, using no external libraries. So there are no worries of keyloggers, mysterious popups demanding donations, or suddenly being forced to pay to upgrade. The code is highly documented and modularized. So if you are a developer, then dig in and have fun picking things apart. Feel free to make a branch off on here, and submit your code to be added into the main program.
